hello guys its cash UK and welcome to a
blog style video today but very very
informational and probably helpful to a
lot of you guys now it's all very very
subject that I am very passionate about
it's what I do and what I think is the
right way to go about it because so so
many people every time I put a product
review up every time put a giveaway up
every time I put a vlog up featuring
products people like how'd you get
products how to get sponsored by el gato
how do you get products from a Susan
corsair to build a pc and it's not an
easy question to answer it can only be
done in a one-to-one video like this
because there is a lot to cover but the
one thing I want to say before I start
that really really agitates me is people
want to know how to get products and
they're like give me this give me that
I'll get messages daily like I want that
can you give me that and they are like
oh I'm applying for sponsorships but I
just can't get it can you give me it's
not an easy game that I play online and
I say game but it so it's one of them
things that I do day in day out and
there's a lot of things you need to know
to go in the right way about it and I
really wanted to give you guys an
insight not too much insight obviously
but an insight is to think way how we
can get respectable how you can get
products how you can gain sponsorship
and by doing it in the right way too
many people think they can make a
youtube channel gear hundred subs get
100,000 views on videos and be like I
should be sponsored why am I not getting
accepted and there's a couple of things
attitude have the right attitude be
respectful for the company's you're
you're applying to think realistic if
you have a thousand subs and fifty
thousand video views you're not going to
obtain the company that sells products
for a hundred pounds plus you need to
think about what think about your moves
think about who you approach think about
time scales is it the best time to
contact them are you growing at a rate
that deserves you to contact them and on
the other side of things from a
company's point of view do you look
respectable do you have good branding do
you have a good drive do you have a good
growing channel
growing subscribers with a growing
social media fan base if you don't then
they're not going to get they're not
going to be interested and people really
need to realize that this isn't easy
what I do I spend seven days at a pc and
most days two to three hours on my pc I
do not get a break in my life I'll work
very very hard but I'm also very very
passionate but sorry passionate and when
people are like oh I'm like you're just
in it for the free products potentially
yes like I enjoy getting these free
products you know and it's good to be at
a use a lot of stuff is good to make
videos back to you guys to show you what
this products like recommending buying
it and it's something I'm very very
passionate about there's two things you
need to you need to know about as well
there's whether you want products for
review so no actual affiliation other
than just getting a pull up making the
video and in the back to the company
then promoting it except to accept with
the basic review process sponsorships is
one that really really agitates me when
some people do it wrong they basically
contact companies asking for the world
they don't deserve the world and you
need to you need to earn respect you
need to you need to be someone either
companies want to get involved with you
need to have proof of what you're doing
it how it's going to benefit that
company sponsorship is a lot bigger than
just the old product here and there like
I have as my name sponsors asus and
cause their and our guards are they're
all companies that products are above
the hundred pound mark for me to earn
them products from them companies I need
to be respectable I need to have the
right image it might seem like I'm going
on a lot but a lot people want this
video made and they want to really know
what how do you do it you know and the
best thing I can advise you as the last
part of this video is be respectable
look at how the company would see you do
you have good branding do you have a
good proposal are you growing or do you
just have a big channel when you're
living off that and it's not growing at
all and look what your upload of views
compared to your subscribers are your
subscribers active there's loads of
different points you guys can cover and
if you can get them right by all means
you can get into this
business of reviewing products and
gaining sponsorships but people need to
realize when they only have a few
hundred it's not going to happen you
need to be realistic you need to see the
company's point of view and when people
will like make a video on how to get
products is I can make a video all day
long odd or just send an email but
proposal in it but it's the maintaining
of my channel the maintaining of the
branding and the maintaining of the
respect for companies the maintain
maintaining deadlines maintaining what
companies want maintaining an image that
I don't go too far offline unless they
current to what they want from me
there's so many things that's down to
you guys these companies have marketing
budgets and these companies will invest
in people but you need to be the right
person for them and I'm quite passionate
about this that's what you can see it
quite passionate in the video because I
do this and although I work very very
very hard alejandra sure you'll make a
lot of sales for a lot of big companies
and so I maybe just get back what I
deserve but I do work hard and I'm very
very passionate about this and when when
people think they can just take
shortcuts oh I get so agitated them
because I know what time i put in a day
I know what time i put in a week and i
know what time are putting a month and
there's a hell of a lot more time than
these people ever have to put in and
there's a great people out there making
tech videos and tech reviews and then
guys deserve but they're still so small
and it's very very hard for them but
without without begging too much or
without pushing their boundaries there
same respectful to the companies they're
producing good videos they still have an
image there's some great great guys out
there that aren't necessarily massive
but they're doing well for themselves
because they come they don't let
companies down they give their companies
what they want and they're doing well
not to be honest I'm not big youtuber
guys i've only got twenty-seven
twenty-eight thousand subs in can in the
context of big youtubers that's nothing
and my upload views aren't aren't huge
but i have an image i have a brand i
have a growing social media I've growing
subscribers I have what companies want
to invest in and that's what you guys
need to get across if you want to get
into this you need to maintain yourself
you need to push yourself and you need
to put in time so that is all I'm going
to say today if you guys want to know
anything else please leave a comment
down below there's loads of Giveaways
coming soon so big thanks to show gun
bros
elgato gaming corsair really want to try
and do an asus giveaway as well soon TT
esports so many giveaways coming soon so
thanks a lot for watching this video
today guys I'm sorry if it seems really
really passionate and quite not
aggressive but just I just really want
to get my point across as to why I feel
the way I do about this subject and a
lot people wanted me to make this video
and there's between countless comments
saying can you make it so yeah that is
it guys I hope you enjoyed this video
and I will see you guys up very very
soon